README.md, before:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[Java](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.java)|0 ms|
|7|[ Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)|[Java](./solutions/7.%20Reverse%20Integer.java)|1 ms|
|8|[ String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/)|[Java](./solutions/8.%20String%20to%20Integer%20(atoi).java)|3 ms|
|9|[ Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)|[Java](./solutions/9.%20Palindrome%20Number.java)|7 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[Java](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.java)|2 ms|
|20|[ Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[Java](./solutions/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses.java)|1 ms|
|21|[ Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)|[Java](./solutions/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists.java)|0 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[Java](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.java)|0 ms|
|28|[ Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[Java](./solutions/28.%20Implement%20strStr().java)|0 ms|
|36|[ Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)|[Java](./solutions/36.%20Valid%20Sudoku.java)|6 ms|
|48|[ Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)|[Java](./solutions/48.%20Rotate%20Image.java)|0 ms|
|66|[ Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[Java](./solutions/66.%20Plus%20One.java)|4 ms|
|70|[ Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[Java](./solutions/70.%20Climbing%20Stairs.java)|0 ms|
|88|[ Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)|[Java](./solutions/88.%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.java)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[Java](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.java)|7 ms|
|136|[ Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)|[Java](./solutions/136.%20Single%20Number.java)|1 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[Java](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.java)|32 ms|
|189|[ Rotate Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)|[Java](./solutions/189.%20Rotate%20Array.java)|1 ms|
|191|[ Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)|[Java](./solutions/191.%20Number%20of%201%20Bits.java)|0 ms|
|198|[ House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)|[Java](./solutions/198.%20House%20Robber.java)|0 ms|
|204|[ Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes/)|[Java](./solutions/204.%20Count%20Primes.java)|115 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|217|[ Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[Java](./solutions/217.%20Contains%20Duplicate.java)|6 ms|
|226|[ Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/226.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|237|[ Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/237.%20Delete%20Node%20in%20a%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[Java](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.java)|21 ms|
|268|[ Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)|[Java](./solutions/268.%20Missing%20Number.java)|0 ms|
|283|[ Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)|[Java](./solutions/283.%20Move%20Zeroes.java)|0 ms|
|344|[ Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)|[Java](./solutions/344.%20Reverse%20String.java)|0 ms|
|350|[ Intersection of Two Arrays II](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/)|[Java](./solutions/350.%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Arrays%20II.java)|6 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[Java](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.java)|2 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[Java](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.java)|37 ms|
|412|[ Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)|[Java](./solutions/412.%20Fizz%20Buzz.java)|2 ms|

Commit message:

19. Remove Nth Node From End of List, 0 ms

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

| # | Title | Solution | Runtime |
|---| ----- | -------- | ------- |
|1|[ Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[Java](./solutions/1.%20Two%20Sum.java)|0 ms|
|7|[ Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/)|[Java](./solutions/7.%20Reverse%20Integer.java)|1 ms|
|8|[ String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/)|[Java](./solutions/8.%20String%20to%20Integer%20(atoi).java)|3 ms|
|9|[ Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)|[Java](./solutions/9.%20Palindrome%20Number.java)|7 ms|
|14|[ Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)|[Java](./solutions/14.%20Longest%20Common%20Prefix.java)|2 ms|
|19|[ Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)|[Java](./solutions/19.%20Remove%20Nth%20Node%20From%20End%20of%20List.java)|0 ms|
|20|[ Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[Java](./solutions/20.%20Valid%20Parentheses.java)|1 ms|
|21|[ Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)|[Java](./solutions/21.%20Merge%20Two%20Sorted%20Lists.java)|0 ms|
|26|[ Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)|[Java](./solutions/26.%20Remove%20Duplicates%20from%20Sorted%20Array.java)|0 ms|
|28|[ Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/)|[Java](./solutions/28.%20Implement%20strStr().java)|0 ms|
|36|[ Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)|[Java](./solutions/36.%20Valid%20Sudoku.java)|6 ms|
|48|[ Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)|[Java](./solutions/48.%20Rotate%20Image.java)|0 ms|
|66|[ Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/)|[Java](./solutions/66.%20Plus%20One.java)|4 ms|
|70|[ Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)|[Java](./solutions/70.%20Climbing%20Stairs.java)|0 ms|
|88|[ Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/)|[Java](./solutions/88.%20Merge%20Sorted%20Array.java)|0 ms|
|100|[ Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/100.%20Same%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|104|[ Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/104.%20Maximum%20Depth%20of%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|108|[ Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/108.%20Convert%20Sorted%20Array%20to%20Binary%20Search%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|125|[ Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[Java](./solutions/125.%20Valid%20Palindrome.java)|7 ms|
|136|[ Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/)|[Java](./solutions/136.%20Single%20Number.java)|1 ms|
|169|[ Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)|[Java](./solutions/169.%20Majority%20Element.java)|32 ms|
|189|[ Rotate Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/)|[Java](./solutions/189.%20Rotate%20Array.java)|1 ms|
|191|[ Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)|[Java](./solutions/191.%20Number%20of%201%20Bits.java)|0 ms|
|198|[ House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)|[Java](./solutions/198.%20House%20Robber.java)|0 ms|
|204|[ Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes/)|[Java](./solutions/204.%20Count%20Primes.java)|115 ms|
|206|[ Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/206.%20Reverse%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|217|[ Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)|[Java](./solutions/217.%20Contains%20Duplicate.java)|6 ms|
|226|[ Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)|[Java](./solutions/226.%20Invert%20Binary%20Tree.java)|0 ms|
|237|[ Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/)|[Java](./solutions/237.%20Delete%20Node%20in%20a%20Linked%20List.java)|0 ms|
|242|[ Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)|[Java](./solutions/242.%20Valid%20Anagram.java)|21 ms|
|268|[ Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)|[Java](./solutions/268.%20Missing%20Number.java)|0 ms|
|283|[ Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/)|[Java](./solutions/283.%20Move%20Zeroes.java)|0 ms|
|344|[ Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/)|[Java](./solutions/344.%20Reverse%20String.java)|0 ms|
|350|[ Intersection of Two Arrays II](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/)|[Java](./solutions/350.%20Intersection%20of%20Two%20Arrays%20II.java)|6 ms|
|383|[ Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/)|[Java](./solutions/383.%20Ransom%20Note.java)|2 ms|
|387|[ First Unique Character in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/)|[Java](./solutions/387.%20First%20Unique%20Character%20in%20a%20String.java)|37 ms|
|412|[ Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/)|[Java](./solutions/412.%20Fizz%20Buzz.java)|2 ms|
